how's it going guys text HD here bring a
few 15 ultimate team pack opieop so in
this episode guys were looking for the
informer nalddo he's actually out in the
team that we can he's by far you know
the top priority there's some other good
players too but uh I think we're all be
open like seven or eight gold packs here
I will start off here just using the
coin see what it gets us ready just can
see i bought some people points so we
have enough money here to open some
packs over something good i think our
best pole so far as like a bazz greddy
uh nothing in this one geez um nothing
at all let's see we got all injuries
center for attacking mid that might not
be too bad chelsea badge but nothing too
great here so hopefully a better luck in
the next pack okay guys smoke up another
pack it was time to try the points
shooting gay here we got messy Emma from
this pack look for some good if we get
an in-form here in the first week of
informs I me insane I'm kind of toy van
in though um I'm gonna try and pronounce
that name Shadley plus three percent
fitness that's five percent fitness we
get a lot of from our fitness cards now
bunch of trainers G's plus for all
injuries so nothing really in this pack
unfortunately alright guys go with a
third pack here almost used coins I
believe me like nothing so here we go
guys look for some good here we go ah I
seen Chelsea's home something good
Kendall's not too bad clausen rare gold
contrast squad fitness that's not too
bad Guardian dribbling a defense so
that's like a CDM probably would use
that we on Kit lukla wrong badge and
nothing really else here though so these
impact or pest back so far okay guys so
I did realize kala goes through so much
currently I'll effing k bid on him I
thought anyone overall you know he might
go for 45 k I know you know he's a good
player and everything but she's like how
much he's worth is insane so best pull
by far in 15 so that's sick alright guys
forth back here we got messy on the
furthest one again skip the pack like
going guy huh Kyle on that last fact
didn't realize how much he's worth
achieving guys achievement going on what
does that mean oh geez I thought I got
an in-form going for a rip that must
just be for opening so many packs
oh man I got so excited this guy that
was so fast 87 pace um wow man EA played
me like played you got another glass
chemistry style but uh wow so big a big
achievement there but not have I ever
gotten inform all right guys we'll open
up a couple more here all right guys
open up our fifth pack here we got out
on the front of this one let's see what
he can give us I think we've had Howard
and a pack or opened on the front of a
pack here you go look at that Ronaldo
just like you're gonna get it um say
some overall cam there ah I'm not gonna
say his name either i know i'm gonna
mess it up but I he looks decent place
or Swansea al-sham Ronnie 86 pace but he
plays and you know not very popular
league plus petite fifteen percent hands
their cat style not not a great pack
here either alright guys we got messy on
the front is packing getting a try so
I'm going to bring up the help menu
we're gonna go spending coins thanks for
the yeah thanks for the advice now let's
open a pack see that helps in any way
look for that informing although looking
for that Informer nalddo and we're not
gonna get it we get a lescott they gave
us a silver rare Anton cheesy a a couple
managers there to read gold contracts we
got two rare gold contracts any rare
silver absolutely all man not a good
pack we're open one more guys and
hopefully just last pack it's something
good even though like that cat he'll
post a cat he'll pull was still pretty
good all right guys last pack here
finally got someone new in the cover we
got Alaba I don't think we've opened
them up yet so last pack fingers crossed
looking for inform ronaldo or anything
amazing don't know achievements uncle
got the informer maybe you got something
good we got a Mon 10 a I don't I think
that's how you say it left mid decent
pace decent dribbling all injuries
bearing levis Cuban the hedge a backbone
style nothing else really so that's it
for this back with me guys luckily got
pretty good pulling
he'll but nothing else really but you
guys want to see more few pack openings
and make sure you guys let me know in
the comments section and leave this
video like you guys already subscribed
make sure you do that thank you for
watching guys have a nice day goodbye